docs: task permission management updates (#7784)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/identity/authorization.md

- `CLAIM`: Claim a task from a pool of candidate users or groups.
- `COMPLETE`: Complete the task, with or without variables.

### Configure property-based user task authorizations

Property-based user task authorizations let you grant permissions based on task assignment rather than a specific task ID. A user is authorized when their username or group membership matches a corresponding task property.

To create a property-based user task authorization:

1. Log in to Identity and select the **Authorizations** tab.
2. Create a new authorization for the `USER_TASK` resource type.
3. Specify the **Owner type** and **Owner ID** (for example, a role that represents task workers).
4. Set the matcher to `PROPERTY`.
5. Select the task property used to scope access:
   - `assignee`
   - `candidateUsers`
   - `candidateGroups`
6. Select the permissions to grant, for example `READ`, `CLAIM`, and `COMPLETE`.
7. Create the authorization.

You cannot combine multiple task properties in a single authorization. To cover all three properties (`assignee`, `candidateUsers`, `candidateGroups`), create one authorization per property.

### Authorization for user tasks

> Access to user tasks can be controlled using a combination of process-level and task-level permissions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can control access to user tasks using a combination of process-level and task-level permissions:
```

Empowering language with active voice.

- Process-level permissions on the `Process Definition` resource, such as `READ_USER_TASK` and `UPDATE_USER_TASK`.
- Task-level permissions on the `USER_TASK` resource, such as `READ`, `UPDATE`, `CLAIM`, and `COMPLETE`, which are
  typically scoped using property-based access control on task properties such as `assignee`, `candidateUsers`,
  and `candidateGroups`.

> When both process-level and task-level permissions exist, process-level permissions take precedence:

Reviewer: Because this statement defines/clarifies a rule, I suggest ending more stronly with a period.
